The start of documentation 2.0 (#3673)
CliMA/Oceananigans.jl: docs/src/operations.md

# Operations and averaging

`Field`s are more than mere vessels for data.
They come equipped with a powerful infrasturcture for assembling expression trees that represent
arithmetic and discrete calculus operations.
We also supply a system for computing reductions (averages, integrals, and cumulative integrals) of `Field`s.
This infastructure can be used to construct initial conditions, set up diagnostic calculations that are performed

> and saved to disk as a simulation runs, and for post-processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and saved to disk while a simulation runs, and also for post-processing.
```
